# Meeting Minutes For First Informal Meeting


## Pre- Sprint Introductory Meeting



Date: 14 02 2023<br>
Start Time: 10:30 <br>
End Time: 11:30 <br>
Location: Edward Boyle Library 8.05 <br>

Present: All Members Present <br>
Absent with apologies: NIL <br>
Absent without Apologies: NIL <br>
Chair: Sarthak Dallakoti <br>
Minutes: Arjun Krishnan<br>


AGENDA <br>
1.	Recording attendance and apologies <br>
2.	Minutes of the last meeting  (read these together and approve or correct if not accurate) <br>
3.	Actions from last meeting (read these actions and mark as “Complete” or “Outstanding”) <br>
4.	Discussion on progress<br>
5.	Risks and Issues (identify and major risks to doing a good job and discuss solutions)<br>
6.	Actions arising (record any actions agreed, who will do them and when they will be done)<br>
7.	Any Other Business (discuss any other issues not covered above)<br>
8.	Date and Time of Next Meeting <br>


2. Review of Minutes of Last Meeting <br>
None <br>

3. Review of Actions from Previous Meetings <br>

Actions carried over from previous meetings <br>
<table border="1">
<tbody>
<tr><td>Sno</td><td>Date</td><td> Action</td><td> Who</td><td> When</td><td> Status </td></tr>
<tr><td>1</td><td> 14/02</td><td> Discuss Project Scope</td><td> Sarthak</td><td> 16/02</td><td> COMPLETE </td></tr>
<tr><td>2</td><td> 14/02</td><td> Discuss Belbin Roles </td><td>Arjun </td><td>16/02</td><td> COMPLETE </td></tr>
<tr><td>3</td><td> 14/02</td><td> Discuss Project Timeline</td><td> Sarthak</td><td> 16/02</td><td> COMPLETE </td></tr>
<tr><td>4</td><td> 14/02</td><td> Distribute Team Load</td><td> Aaditya</td><td> 16/02</td><td> COMPLETE </td></tr>
<tr><td>5</td><td> 14/02</td><td> Discuss Technologies to Implement</td><td> Htoo</td><td> 16/02</td><td> COMPLETE</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
					

4. Discussion of Progress <br>
The Back – End team has created process – flow and use case diagrams for each user class.<br>

5. Risks and Issues <br>
Lack of knowledge on good front – end technologies.<br>




6. Actions Arising<br>
Actions arising from today’s meeting <br>
<table border="1">
<tbody>
<tr><td>Sno</td><td> Date</td><td> Action</td><td> Who </td><td>When</td><td> Status</td></tr>
<tr><td>1 </td><td>17/02 </td><td>Set Up git repository </td><td>Sarthak</td><td> 17/02</td><td> Incomplete</td></tr>
<tr><td>2 </td><td>17/02</td><td> Wireframes </td><td>Nitima ,Aaditya, Swaaym</td><td> 20/02</td><td> Incomplete</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
					


7. Any Other Business (AOB) <br>
None


8. Date and Time of Next Meeting<br>
Date: 17 02 2022<br>
Time: 18:30<br>
Location: Edward Boyle  Library meeting room

